Update the banner on the homepage + add LS/LGP callout to home pages (#1056)
langchain-ai/docs: src/index.mdx

        - **Evaluation** to test and score agent behavior on production data and offline datasets for continuous improvement.
        - **Deployment** to ship your agent in one click, using scalable infrastructure built for long-running tasks.

        <Callout icon="bullhorn" color="#4F46E5" iconType="regular">

>         LangGraph Platform is now part of [LangSmith](/langsmith/home). For more information, check out the [Changelog](https://changelog.langchain.com/announcements/product-naming-changes-langsmith-deployment-and-langsmith-studio).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        LangGraph Platform is now [LangSmith Deployment](/langsmith/deployments). For more information, check out the [Changelog](https://changelog.langchain.com/announcements/product-naming-changes-langsmith-deployment-and-langsmith-studio).
```
